Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience.
When Chuck Norris makes a joke about Jada, Will Smith slaps himself in the face.
Chuck Norris once killed two stones with one bird.
The Bermuda triangle used to be square until Chuck Norris kicked one corner.
There used to be a street named Chuck Norris. They had to change the name because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Chuck Norris raised two parents as a single child.
Chuck Norris wears a hat to protect the sun from him.
Chuck Norris won American Idol using sign language.
When Chuck Norris left for college he told his dad he is the man of the house now.
Chuck Norris killed fifty guys with a grenade, then the grenade went off.
There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
Chuck Norris doesn't scroll his computer with a mouse, he uses a lion.
When Chuck was born, he drove his mom home from the hospital.
When Chuck Norris went skydiving his parachute didn't open. The next day he took it back and got a refund.
Chuck Norris uses a stunt double for his crying scenes.
Chuck Norris won an arm wrestling tournament with both arms tied behind his back.
Superman and Chuck Norris fought once. The loser had to wear his underwear outside his pants.
Chuck Norris took a lie detector test once. The detector confessed everything.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table because he only recognizes the element of surprise.
When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone he had three missed calls from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris never needs to flush a toilet, he just scares the shit out of it.
Ghosts sit around camp fires and tell Chuck Norris stories.
When Chuck Norris stands in front of a mirror, he doesn't see a reflection of himself because there can only be one Chuck Norris.
When God said, “Let there be light!” Chuck Norris said, “Say please.”
Chuck Norris was in every Star Wars film, as the force.
Chuck Norris had a staring contest with the sun, the sun lost.
When Chuck Norris does push ups he doesn't push his body up, he pushes the world down.
Chuck Norris doesn't cut his lawn, he dares it to grow.
Chuck Norris was one bitten by a cobra, it was touch and go but the cobra is expected to make a full recovery.
Batman has a Chuck Norris poster.
Chuck Norris once went to a Burger King, ordered a Big Mac, and got one.
If you have $5 and Chuck Norris has $5, Chuck Norris has more money than you.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
When Chuck Norris jumps into water he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norrised.
Some men can piss their name in snow, Chuck Norris pisses his in concrete.
Michael Jordan once sent Chuck Norris a player-jersie as a gift. Chuck signed it and sent it back.
Chuck Norris isn't scared of the dark, the dark is scared of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is overrated. People imbue him with some magical power but if he really was that great he'd show up behind me and smash my face into my keybqweiqwejnioewqnioqwnieenwikewamkleakl
Chuck Norris didn't call the wrong number, you answered the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Time waits for no man. Unless that man is Chuck Norris.
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
Chuck Norris breathes air... Five times a day.
In the beginning there was nothing... Then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked nothing and told it to get a job.
Chuck Norris has a mug of nails instead of coffee in the morning.
If Chuck Norris were to travel to an alternate dimension in which there was another Chuck Norris and they both fought, they would both win.
Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always says, 'Two seconds till.' After you ask, 'Two seconds to what?' he roundhouse kicks you in the face.
Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
There is no chin behind Chuck Norris' beard. There is only another fist.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity... twice.
Chuck Norris can speak Braille.
Chuck Norris stands faster than anyone can run.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
When Chuck Norris writes, he makes paper bleed.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
Chuck Norris once had a heart attack. His heart lost.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
Chuck Norris spices up his steaks with pepper spray.
It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch "60 Minutes".
The flu gets a Chuck Norris shot every year.
Freddy Krueger has nightmares about Chuck Norris.
Before he forgot a gift for Chuck Norris, Santa Claus was real.
Chuck Norris can clap with one hand.
Chuck Norris once went skydiving, but promised never to do it again. One Grand Canyon is enough.
Chuck Norris can cook minute rice in 30 seconds.
Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.
We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Chuck Norris.